style: apply /style-guide pass to models/track (#2728)
wandb/docs: models/track/log/log-tables.mdx

## Add data

> After you create a table, populate it with the rows or columns you want to track. Tables are mutable. As your script executes, you can add more data to your table, up to 200,000 rows. You can add data to a table in two ways:

Reviewer: Reads weird. Could possibly condense the new AI setence with "As your script executes, you can add more data to your table, up to 200,000 rows."

Author: Condensed per your suggestion (dropped "Tables are mutable.") in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Retrieve data

> After data is in a table, you can read it back to compute statistics, feed it into downstream code, or inspect specific rows. Access the data by column or by row:

Reviewer: This content feels market-y to me and I feel doesn't belong in the dev guide. This info can be on the main landing page of said product, but not in the nested subpage of a topic.

```suggestion
After data is in a table, you can access the data by column or by row:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> 1. **Row iterator**: Use the row iterator of the table such as `for ndx, row in table.iterrows(): ...` to efficiently iterate over the data's rows.

Reviewer: btw, these are not UI features, this is referring to the SDK

```suggestion
1. Row iteration: Use Table.iterrows() to iterate over the data's rows. For example, `for ndx, row in table.iterrows(): ...`.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> 2. **Get a column**: Retrieve a column of data using `table.get_column("col_name")`. As a convenience, you can pass `convert_to="numpy"` to convert the column to a NumPy NDArray of primitives. This is useful if your column contains media types such as `wandb.Image`, so that you can access the underlying data directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Retrieve a column: Retrieve a column of data using `table.get_column("col_name")`. As a convenience, you can pass `convert_to="numpy"` to convert the column to a NumPy NDArray of primitives. This is useful if your column contains media types such as `wandb.Image`, so that you can access the underlying data directly.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Save tables

> After you generate a table of data in your script, for example, a table of model predictions, save it to W&B to visualize the results live. Saving a table persists it to the W&B backend, so that you and your collaborators can view, query, and compare it in the UI.

Reviewer: same comment as above

```suggestion
After you generate a table of data in your script, for example, a table of model predictions, save it to W&B to visualize the results live.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

### Log a table to a run

> To attach a table to a specific run so that it appears in that run's workspace, use `wandb.Run.log()`:

Reviewer: Too wordy.
```suggestion
Use `wandb.Run.log()` to save your table to the run. For example, the following code snippet first creates a table object before logging the table to the run with `wandb.Run.log()`:
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```python
with wandb.init() as run:
    my_table = wandb.Table(columns=["a", "b"], data=[["1a", "1b"], ["2a", "2b"]])
    run.log({"table_key": my_table})
```

Each time you log a table to the same key, W&B creates a new version of the table and stores it in the backend. You can log the same table across multiple training steps to see how model predictions improve over time, or compare tables across different runs, as long as you log them to the same key. You can log up to 200,000 rows.

<Note>
To log more than 200,000 rows, you can override the limit with:

`wandb.Table.MAX_ARTIFACT_ROWS = X`

However, this can cause performance issues, such as slower queries, in the UI.
</Note>

### Access tables programmatically

In the backend, W&B persists tables as artifacts. To access a specific version of a logged table from code, for example, to reload predictions for further analysis, use the artifact API. Replace `[RUN-ID]` with the run ID, `[TABLE-NAME]` with the table name, and `[TAG]` with the artifact alias or version tag:

```python
with wandb.init() as run:
    my_table = run.use_artifact("run-[RUN-ID]-[TABLE-NAME]:[TAG]").get("[TABLE-NAME]")
```

> For more information about artifacts, see the [Artifacts chapter](/models/artifacts/) in the Developer Guide.

Reviewer: This is an old doc. Do we refer to "chapters" in the docs?

Author: Changed to "see [Artifacts](/models/artifacts/)" in `cf5b4357` (dropped "chapter" and "Developer Guide").

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

### Visualize tables

> Any table logged this way appears in your workspace on both the run page and the project page. For more information, see [Visualize and Analyze Tables](/models/tables/visualize-tables/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View tables you log in your project's workspace or run page. For more information, see [Visualize and Analyze Tables](/models/tables/visualize-tables/).
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Artifact tables

> Use `artifact.add()` to log tables to the Artifacts section of your run instead of the workspace. This approach is useful when you have a dataset that you want to log once and then reference from future runs, so you don't re-upload the same data each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Artifact.add()` to log tables to the Artifacts section of your run instead of the workspace. This approach is useful when you have a dataset that you want to log once and then reference from future runs, so you don't re-upload the same data each time.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

    run.log_artifact(test_predictions)
```

> Refer to this Colab for a [detailed example of artifact.add() with image data](https://wandb.me/dsviz-nature-colab) and this report for an example of how to use artifacts and tables to [version control and deduplicate tabular data](https://wandb.me/TBV-Dedup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to this Colab for a [detailed example of Artifact.add() with image data](https://wandb.me/dsviz-nature-colab) and this report for an example of how to use artifacts and tables to [version control and deduplicate tabular data](https://wandb.me/TBV-Dedup).
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

### Join artifact tables

> To compare or correlate data across two tables, for example, to align ground truth with predictions or pair original and generated samples, join them with `wandb.JoinedTable(table_1, table_2, join_key)`. You can join tables you constructed locally or tables you retrieved from other artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join tables you have locally constructed or tables you have retrieved from other artifacts with `wandb.JoinedTable(table_1, table_2, join_key)`.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
